hey whats up guys on its all time QB 3
my name is Christian and I back with
another video I just got this one
yesterday and it's actually really nice
so I'd like to show you it it's called
the cool pad from metropcs alright let's
open it as you can see here i already
have it opened it's a really nice phone
you got your power button you have your
headphone jack will have a camera
compatible button a nice texture on the
back nice grip you feeling it's a 4g
lephone a nice speaker you got your
touch screen buttons on that's an your
flash got your flash art let's start
this thing up as you can see i already
have on my abs downloading and I like
it's very reactive and as you can see
here Watch let's see how fast it is
that's pretty fast so i will show you
sorry Evan my camera I would like to
show you let's start with the camera I
have flash on so here's his I shall turn
it off to not a bad camera for a really
durable android device
Foley turn off my light for a second a
very nice phone it's very very nice
camera the resolution art so imma show
you how we'll play song
as you can see right there very good
speaker and you have your all right here
where I'm just going to go Google you
have your android keyboard as you see
here you have your flex that's a nice
keyboard and the Google input I think
the best is and see all that right there
that Chinese a little bit that's because
his phone company was imported from
China so I prefer the android keyboard
um you guys let me see how it runs the
games it's pretty nice totally smooth
art well I'm Dan this video right here
and art that was all the time can be
Quattro cool pad for metropcs are
opposite like and subscribe